[docs] Updates __create your lab__ (#27)
SofaComplianceRobotics/docs-support: docs/Users/EmioLabs/create-your-lab.md

A lab is written as a [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown) file (with the `.md` extension) that should be located in the directory `assets/labs/LAB_DIR_NAME`. 

:::tip[note]
Have a look at the [Emio.lab_empty](https://github.com/SofaComplianceRobotics/Emio.lab_empty) GitHub repository to see an example of a lab that you can use as a template to create your own lab.
:::

Navigate through the directories in `assets/labs`. Each directory has a `.md` file which can be loaded and displayed by the application, and a `.json` file which contains the description of the lab to display in the main table of contents of the Emio Labs application. This file should either be named `lab.json` or match the name of your lab directory. You'll need to provide:

- the **name** of the directory containing your `.md` file
- the **filename** (if different than the directory name)

> - a **title** and a **description** to display in the main dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a **title** and a **description** to display in the main Table of Contents
```
